{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw16840\paperh11900\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instruction on the pricing \'91engine\'92\
\
One of the most important purpose of our project is to build a general pricing engine that could be used to price several types of financial product. We built our whole project in MATLAB and have every file you may need to check in the appended package. If you want to double check our pricing results, at the beginning of your trial, please run \'91Project_BDT.m\'92 first. You could also just run the file \'91Project.m\'92, which would output all the pricing results. Below are the paths to the corresponding codes of each part of our project.\
i. To check how we deduct the market caplet implied volatilities, please go to \'91Project_BDT.m\'92 and check line 126 to line 160. \
ii. To check how we set-up and calibrate the BDT model, please go to \'91Project_BDT.m\'92 and check line 1 to line 312. \
iii. To check how we set-up the LMM, please go to \'91LMM.m\'92. \
iv. To check how we our initial test of LMM performs, please go to \'91LMM_initial_test.m\'92. \
v. To check how we calibrate the LMM, please go to \'91lmm_calibration.m\'92. \
vi. To check how we price the European Swaptions via BDT, please go to \'91Project_BDT.m\'92 and check line 315 to line 400. vii. To check how we price the European Swaptions via LMM, please go to \'91European_Swaption_Pricing_via_LMM.m\'92. \
viii. To check how we price the real world product via BDT, please go to \'91Project_BDT.m\'92 and check line 491 to line 580. \
ix. To check how we price the real world product via LMM, please go to \'91Real_Product_Pricing_via_LMM\'92. \
x. To check how we price the Bermudan Swaption via BDT, please go to \'91Project_BDT.m\'92 and check line 403 to line 488. \
xi. To check how we price the Bermudan Swaption via LMM, please go to \'91Bermudan_Swaption_Pricing_via_LMM.m\'92. \
Notice that our engine is only applicable to the following products: ATM Cap, ATM European Swaptions, One pre-selected JPMorgan Callable Note and Bermudan Swaption with fixed (Tenor+Maturity). If you want to try the engine with market data from another time range, please download them from Bloomberg and overwrite the market data files for forward rates and volatilities in the appended package.}